##QUESTION 1##
Foreign visitors should pay more than local visitors for cultural and historical attractions. To what extend do you agree or disagree with this opinion?

####
##ESSAY##
It is often argued that the price of tickets for tour destinations should be higher when sold to foreign tourists compared with local residence. Personally, I totally agree with this opinion for several reasons.

On the one hand, the costs for people who live locally with a nationality identification should be less than what they are now. Firstly, the money collected from travellers is used to protect the attractions with cultral and historical value, and part of the tax which is payed by local pay in many different ways is correctly used for that purpose. Secondly, tourists will spend more on food and accommodation which will do more contribute to the local society. Finally, by declining the price, more people can learn better knowledge of their own culture by visiting these places. For example, students from high school and college are just at the age to be educated well, but they usually do not have extra money out of their studying.

On the other hand, tourists who come from other countries should certainly pay more. Firstly, people who can afford a journey to another country usually come from the upper class, and most of them just do not care the price if it is a little bit higher or not. For example, they will not cancel the plan if they know that they are going to pay 10% more than local people. Secondly, it is a quite good way to benifit the economy system. The last and the most important, they did not pay any kind of tax before.

In conclusion, I believe that foreign travellers should pay more than local people for cultrual and historical attractions.

##5-2##
It is often argued that whether teenagers should spend a year of time to work or travel before they go to college. While it sometimes can benefit the young students, it does bring negative impacts on them.

There is a range of advantages which support this idea. By doing a social job, these turning adults could learn more about the real world which is quite different from what is described in the classroom and on textbooks. Knowing what the profession is really about can help a lot when they make decisions of which subject to learn in universities. Furthermore, the students can find out what are they interested in and prepare to gain a great success in the future. More life experience would be gathered, which will lead them to cherish the peaceful time to learn knowledge.

Disadvantages, on the other hand, are easily to find. As we all know, the age of around 20 is the golden time for everyone to make academic achievements, so it must be a huge cost of time if they spend one year on other aspects. Not all families can afford the fund supporting a long time journey as the young generation can not really cover the cost by themselves. The most important is they are not mature enough to face the reality which is not always honest or safe. One of my friends got treated when he tried to work in a factory which pushed him to work 12 hours and without any payment.

In conclusion, both positiveness and shortage always come together and people should be careful and serious when making decision.
