#### Lesson 1 a private conversation
The writer went to theatre last week. He did not enjoy the play. A young man and a young woman were sitting behind him. They were talking loudly. The writer could not hear the actors. He turned around. He said “I can’t hear a word!” The young man said “It is a private conversation.” 
#### Lesson 2 breakfast or lunch
He always gets up late on Sundays. He got up very late last Sunday. His aunt Lucy telephoned. She had just arrived by train. She was coming to see him. “I’m still having breakfast” he said. His aunt was very surprised. It was one o’clock.
#### Lesson 3 Please send me a card
Postcards always spoil the writer’s holiday. He spent his holiday in Italy last summer. He thought about postcards every day. He did not send any cards to his friends. On the last day, he bought thirty-seven cards. He stayed in his room all day. He did not write any cards.
#### Lesson 4 An exciting trip
The writer has just received a letter from his brother, Tim. Tim is an engineer. He has been in Australia for six months. He has already visited many places. He is in Alice Springs. Tim has never been abroad before. He is enjoying this trip very much.
#### Lesson 5 No wrong numbers
Mr. Scott has opened his second garage in Pinhurst. His first garage is in Silbury. Silbury is five miles from Pinhurst. Mr. Scott can not get a telephone for his new garage. He has bought twelve pigeons. They carry message from one garage to another in three minutes.
#### Lesson 6
