part 1: (4-5min)
10 or 11 questions devidec to 3 topics
fluncy is more important than vocabulary and grammer
finish with confidence
exact answer with a reason to every question
1.1 2 or 3 introductrion questions
    Do you work or are you a student?

    Do you enjoy your job/sutdies?

    Would you like to get a different job in the future?
1.2 Let's talk about sport
    Do you like sport?

    Do you think it's better to watch sports or play them yourself?

    Why do you think some sports are so popular?

    Do you think children should all have to do sports at school?
1.3 Now let's talk about colors
    What's your favourite color? Why?

    Do different colors have different meanings in your country?

    Do you think that color can affect the way people feel?

    Do you wear different colored clothes now compared to when you were a child?

part 2: (3-4min)
6 main topic areas:
    a person(teacher, famous person, friend, family member, child, someone who helps people, someone who does something well)
    a place
    an object
    an event
    an activity
    your favourites
========================================================================
who, what he/she does, when/how/where you met, how you konw, why
theme--hardworking:
    enthusiastic
    energetic
    studious
    persistent
    motivated
    determined to succeed
    someone who sees things through
    a good team player
    likes to challenge himself/herself
theme--friendly:
    kind, caring
    generous, unselfish
    big-hearted
    supportive
    down-to-earth, easy-going
    always there when you need him/her
    someone who cheers me up
    a big/magnetic personality
    lights up the room
stories demostrate the theme
=============================================================================
a city you've visited, a city you would like to visit, somewhere you went on holiday, a historic place, a river/lake/sea, a journey
a shop, a restaurant, a street market
theme--interesting/fun:
    lively, bustling, hectic, thriving
    cosmopolitan, multicultural
    fascination, unique
    a special atmosphere
    sightseeing, entertainment
    an unforgettable experience
    enjoyed every minute
    the time flew by
    endless thinds to see and do
    it was over too quickly
theme--historic:
    old buildings, palaces, statues
    ancient
    monuments
    landmarks
    where great events took place
    connection to the past
    reminders of the past
    everywhere you look
    full of history
    a rich cultural heritage
theme--friendly:
    welcoming, inviting
    warm, approachable
    polite
    thoughtful, attentive
    great atmosphere
    make you feel at home
    the service was excellent
    nothing was too much to ask
    an unforgettable evening
========================================================
something you own
something you would like to own
something you use everyday
a piece of electronic equipment
a gift you received
a gift you gave
something old that you own
theme--features:
    smartwatch
    synchronise with phone/computer
    contacts, photos, emails
    store music
    receive notifications
    search the web
    it responds to voice commands
    make 'contactless' purchases
    track exercise goals
    fashion accessory - it looks stunning
theme--useful:
    various features and functions
    organise my life
    work, appointments, social life
    check calender at a glance
    set reminders and notifications
    practical, functional, convenient
    the ultimate in portable devices
    instant access to ...
    couldn't live without it
theme--inherited:
    an inheritance
    passed down to me by
    a family heirloom
    in the family for several generations
    an antique
    it has sentimental value
    I'm emotionally attached to it
    it reminds me of
    it brings back happy memories
    I'll hand it down to my children
theme--appearance:
    parts: the face, the strap
    traditional clock dial and hands
    made of (leather, gold, silver)
    colors
    inscription/engraving on the back
    grandfather's name engraved
    simple, minimalistic design
    timeless, classic
    elegant stylish
    well made, durable, resilient
===================================================================
an important event in your life
a festival in your country
a party
a celebration

a sports event that you watched
a concert or music event
theme--special:
    memorable
    unforgettable, spectacular
    fantastic, amazing, wonderful
    a day to remember
    it was a once-in-a-lifetime experience
    I had a great time
    I enjoyed every minute
    I was blown away
    I couldn't have asked for more
    it exceeded my expectations
theme--location:
    the venue
    a perfect/prime location
    beautifully decorated
    the decoration/lighting was
    spectacular, romantic
    a lovely setting
    a fantastic atmosphere
    the atmosphere was electric
    we were impressed by ...
    sercice, staff, attention to detail
specific vocabulary:
    wedding:bride, groom, guests, ceremony, marriage vows, speech, wedding reception (party), flowers, clothing (dress), cake
    festival: what it commemorates, religious significance, gifts, decorations, customs, special meal, public holiday
    sports: athletes, players, crowd, spectators, stadium, field/pitch/track, commentators, the contest, the score, the winner
    concert: band, group, orchestra, lighting, sound, stage, crowd, audience, instruments, voice, song, piece of music
=========================================================
a hobby
a sport
a game
something healthy that you do
something new that you have
done recently
theme--healthy sport:
    keep fit, stay in good condition
    get in better shape
    feel refreshed
    rejuvenated, invigorated
    gives me an energy boost
    a good cardiovascular workout
    build strength and endurance
    a low-impact sport
    helps to relieve stress
    relaxing, helps to clear my mind
theme--enjoyable game:
    board game, a chese set
    pieces e.g. king, queen, bishop
    taking the opponent's pieces
    checkmate
    hone my skills
    thinking ahead
    out-think/outwit the opponent
    concentration, mental workout
    problem solving, strategy
    learn from mistakes/losses
===================================================================
film or TV programme
song/piece of music
book
website
advertisement
what, when, where, who, how, why?

advertisement:
    watch from lesson 5, describe an object
song:
    concert from lesson 6, describe a concert
film: James Bond
    the film is released
    the ploy(story)
    the genre e.g. action, drama
    the cast: actors, roles, characters
    scense, locations, special effects
    I thoroutghly enjoyed it
    spectacular, entertaining
    great performances
    I was on the edge of my seat
    I was enthralled
website: Facebook
    social networking website
    keep in contact with friends
    find people you've lost touch with
    post messages
    write status updates
    upload photos and videos
    post links to other wetsite
    check your news feed
    find people with shared interests
    connect with like-minded people
book: novel or non-fiction
    novel:
        storyline, plot, genre
        the author, the characters
        entertaining, enthralling
        I couldn't put it down
    non-fiction book/textbook
        topic, field, subject
        informative, fascinating, inspiring
        I learnt about / I found out about
        it opened my mind to ...
===============================================================
describe an important choice that you had to make
describe an idea you had for improving something at work or college
describe a competition that you took part in
describe a meeting that you went to at work, college or school
describe a time when you were asked for your opinion in a survey
describe a journey that you remember well
describe an open-air or street market that you enjoyed visiting
describe a shop near where you live that you sometimes use
describe a conflict that you had, or a time when you became angry
describe a beautiful sky that you enjoyed looking at
describe an interesting story that someone told you
describe a law in your country that you think is good
describe a local news story that people in your area found interesting
describe a time when you were stuck in traffic or delayed when travelling
describe a time when you helped someone

part 3:
1. answer the question directly
2. explain your answer(reasons)
3. give an example
4. explain the opposite/alternative
    (what would happen if)

Do you think that it's better to have clear aims for the future, or is it best to take each day as it comes?

I think it's best to have a good idea of what you want to do with your life, expecially in terms of studies and career.
Having aims allows you to plan what you need to do today and tomorrow in order to achieve longer-term objectives.
For example, if you want to become a doctor, you need to choose the right subjects at school, get the right exam results, and work hard at university.
Without a clear aim, it would be impossible to take the necessary steps towards a career in medicine or any other profession.

overall:
part 1 -- fluency
part 2 -- vocabulary
part 3 -- structure



=================================================
Describe someone you konw who does something well.
You should say
    who this person is
    how you konw this person
    what they do well
and explain why you think this person is so good at doing this.

(a person--who)
I'm going to describe my wife. She works as a secretary in a Chinese company and she plays table tennis very well as a hobby. She is not really tall, about a head below me, and she is at the same age with me. She is always with a humble and smiling face whenever you see her. But she really cheers me up when I'm feeling down.
(where/when/how)
I was interested in playing table tennis when I was at college, so I met her at the club. It was really a impressive day and I saw a little girl wearing a pair of shoes with the same style but different colors, one is red and the other is blue. What's more, she plays the game quite well, I mean better than most of the boys. So I was really attracted by her. I found her number on the name list, and messaged her out for dinner later that day. We had a pleasent conversation, and now she becomes my wife.
(why)
She is famous because of her talent on table tennis. She get almost all the champins on the competion held in our small town, of course in the women's group. A lot of people see her success when she stands at the highest position of the podium, but I see how hard her training is. She keeps training for at least one hour every day. Once I asked her if she felt bord with endless training, she just answered: I regard it as my hobby, as computer games to you, I just feel happy with it. 
She is repectful because she, as a volunter, helps the teenagers to play well. She likes to go to the local clubs in my town and gives some tips or training to the young players, some of them have got nice grades in the competion. and more and more teengers are enrolled in this game not to be professional but for health.
(a place--where)
I'm going to describe the longest river in China which is called ChangJiang. I'm not sure how long it is, but it must be thounds of kilometers. It start from the westest province in China, where there are a lot of high mountains coverd by snow all the year. So when the snow melt, it becomes the water into that river. And the river ends at the eastest part of China and flows into the East Sea, which is the edge of the Pacific Ocean.
People living along the river get water for farming, for irrigation, and for their daily life. But sometimes the river brings flood. When flood happens, it can cost thousands of lives. The river just flows through my city in China, which is Nanjing. Half a century ago, the government build a bridge on it, to connect the two pars of the city, it was the longest bridge in the world at that time. After more than 50 years of serving, it is now being repaired and will be open again in three or four years. Along the river in my city, that's full of commercial areas with landscape, skyscraper and attractions for tourism. I like a restaurant best there, which is located on the top floor of a high building beside the river. The point is the restaurant is a turning one. So dinning there, especially when dusk comes, the picture of sky, the river, the lights of the buildings surrounded, of the cars, can be really impressive.
The restaurant is called YunZhong XiaoYa, which means a relaxible place inside the clouds. It is located on the top floor of a high building, which is 32 or 33. From there, you can almost see the whole city. It is very hard to book a dinner there because it is really welcomed by the tourists as well as the local residents. I've been there twice with my wife, and at the second time I proposed to her right there. 
(an event)