#### 询问公司信息
Dear Mr. Smith,
    From your advertisement in the March 28, 2011 issue of Foreign Trade, we understand that your company specializes in the export of various light industrial products and that you are making effort to extend overseas trade. We are contacting you with a view to introducing some of your products into our market. Therefore, we need more detailed information about your business.

    We have been in the import and export business for over 30 years. It appears that demand for light industrial products is now increasing and we believe that your corporation has the ability to do considerable business in this area.

    We would appreciate it very much if you could send us your latest catalogues for the items, as well as price lists for the various lines and your terms and conditions of sales.

    We look forward to your early reply.

    Yours sincerely,
    Wang Lin


#### 询问银行业务
Dear Sir or Madam:
    The approaching of the Spring Festival is likely to lead to a considerable increase in my turnover. But since my stocks are exceedingly low and I am unable to obtain long-term credit from the wholesalers. Therefore, we are planning to apply for an overdraft of $50,000 from your bank.

    And drawings would be spread over a period of one month, ending by March 29, 2011.

    I would point out that credit is withheld from me merely because my business has not been established many year, thus making me unable to provide the necessary references, but I should allow you to access to my books of account, from which you could satisfy yourself of the promptitude with my payments are unually make.

    We shall be grateful if you could advice us on the following:
    application procedure
    interest rate
    all other fees charged

    We look forward to your early reply.

    Yours sincerely,
    James


#### 询问价格及运费
Dear Sir or Madam,
    We acknowledge receipt of both your offer of May 5th and the samples of women's shirts, for which we extend our sincere gratitude.

    While appreciating the good quality and design of your shirts, we find your price is rather high for the market we wish to supply, because our market is mainly open to the middle-class.

    We have also to point out that women's shirts are available in our market from several European manufacturers, all of which are at price from 15% to 20% below yours.

    Such being the case, we have to ask you to consider if you can make reduction in your price, saying 10%. As our order would be around 50,000 yuan, you may think it worthwhile to make a concession.

    In addition, we would like to enquire the freight and insurance to Wuhan.

    Your immediate reply will be appreciated.

    Yours faithfully,
    John Smith

#### 航班延误的理赔
Dear Sir or Madam,
    I am writing in regards to the sudden and unannounced cancelllation of my reserved flight for July 24 from Denver to Ditroit(Confirmation Number: 772WB7; Airline Ticket Number: 0122150942247). Nobody called or emailed me to tell me that this flight was cancelled. I missed an important business meeting with my client as a result. Yes, I was put on a later flight, but imagine my outrage and fury when I walked into the empty conference room three hours behind the scheduled meeting!

    I want an explanation and compensation for the invonvenience. And calling it 'inconvenience' is putting it mildly.

    John


#### 行李丢失理赔
Dear Sir or Madam,
    This law firm represents passenger Mr. Wu regarding a missing luggage claim. Enclosed please find a notarized copy of the power of attorney as signed by Mr. Wu.

    Mr. Wu was a passenger in your flight(UA982) from New York City to Beijing on April 16, 2005. On arriving at Beijing International Airport, Mr. Wu's luggage, being an olive-green plastic suitcase by the size of approximately 85cm * 95cm * 35cm, was lost. Mr. Wu duly registered the loss with the airport authority and the local service counter of your airlines. Enclosed please find a copy of the Loss Claim Receipt as registered with and issued by your service counter representative.

    After more than one month, you have not yet found Mr. Wu's suitcase. Enclosed please find a list containing items in the suitcase, including an IBM laptop computer valued at USD $1299.00 plus tax, a Sony digital camera priced at USD $399.00 plus tax, clothing and various personal items valued at roughly $2000.00. The total is $3898.00. Please pay this amount payable to Mr. Wu.

    Please process this claim expeditiously and keep us informed accordingly.

    Very truly yours,
    Law Offices of Lee


