#### 感谢邀请
Dear Mr. Lin,
    Thank you for your invitation. I shall be very delighted to attend your opening ceremony on Monday morning, May 16th. I know it is your long-cherished wish to have a company of your own and you have finally make it come true. This is due to your outstanding wisdom, your superior judgment and great efforts for so long a time. I felt so happy when I heard the news. Congratulations! And of course, I will be there on this exciting moment.

    I will arrive at your company at about 8:00 a.m. that day and send you my congratulations and best wishes in person. I am looking forward to witnessing the establishment of your company and your new career.

    Congratulations again!

    Yours sincerely,
    Linda


#### 感谢款待
Dear Mr. Lin,
    I am writing to thank you for your hospitality when I visited Wuhan last Monday when I attended your opening ceremony. It was really a big event. I was very happy to see the smiles on your face when you cut the red ribbon.

    The visit to your new company impressed me a lot. Watching those sections and devices, I knew you were ushering another success in your life.

    Best wishes to you and your company!

    Yours sincerely,
    Linda


#### 感谢建议
Dear Madam,
    Thank you for your letter in which you provided an excellent idea on the improvement of our products. We have studied the problem you described and concluded that this defect did cause inconvenience to our customers. We have to say "thank you" for telling us this problem so that we can have a chance to overcome it and make our products more customer-friendly. We will take your proposal into consideration when we design next generation of the product.

    To express our heart-felt gratitude, we send you a sample of one of our new products as a gift.

    Yours sincerely,
    ABC Company
    By John Brown


#### 感谢帮助
Dear Alice,
    Thank you for helping me find so much information I need. You also have a lot of things to do. Taking you so much time, I feel so sorry to ask you to help me find the materials that I was badly in need of. I feel lucky to have a friend like you who can always give me help in time to solve my problems. You are really a warm-hearted and kind person. Thanks to your materials, I can finish my report very well.

    Thank you very much!

    Yours sincerely,
    Anna


