#### 求职申请
Dear Sir,
    I have learned from the Want column of the China Post that you have a vacancy for an English editor, and I am extremely interested in the position.

    I have worked for the White Publishing Hours for 4 years and I am primarily responsible for book editing. My performance has been acknowledged by my superiors and a large number of readers. But that place is quite far away from my home and I really want to work in your company so that I can get close to my family.

    I am looking forward to hearing from you!

    Enclosed please find my resume.

    Yours sincerely,
    Maggie


#### 请假申请
Dear Mr. Lin,
    I would like to know if I could ask for a casual leave of absence for one day on May 14th, this Wednesday.

    This morning I received a telephone call from my dentist, urging me to come to his practice for immediate treatment of my teeth. I have been experiencing a stinging pain, depriving me of my sleep during the past fortnight. The situation could worsen, should infetion occur.

    Concerning my workload, as Wednesday is not as busy as the other weekdays, I think a one-day leave this Wednesday may be the best solution. I apologize for the inconvenience my absence from work may cause.

    Thank you for your understanding. I will call you at 1:30 p.m. or you can call me at any time.

    Yours sincerely,
    Mary


#### 信用证申请
Dear Sir,
    Thank you for your mail of March 15, containing your acceptance of our offer for 400 Model PT-250 typewriters.

    We ask that you promptly open an irrevocable L/C in our favor, valid until April 2.

    Upon receiving your L/C, we will promptly complete shipment arrangements of your order. We will of course, notify you when we have completed the shipment.

    We are looking forward to your early and favorable reply.

    Yours sincerely,
    BOT Company


#### 调职申请
Dear Sir,
    This is Tom Smith from Planning Section. I have worked here for more than 4 years since April 1, 2007. I have been doing my best to fulfill every task assigned to me, sparing no effort and pursuing perfection.

    I have been devoting my energy and love to our company, and I really hope I could have long-term development here. Therefore, I want to know the company overall. As the Marketing Section is the leading department, which is in charge of our main business, I want to have a chance to enter this department to learn more. I promise I will work as hard in the new department as in my current department.

    I desperately expect your permission.

    Yours sincerely,
    Tom Smith


#### 员工宿舍申请
Dear Sir,
    This is Zhang Peng, a new staff member of the compay. I live in Hanyang District, which is quite far away from our company, and it takes me almost 3 hours to commute everyday. In addition, the rents for apartments around the company are quite high, and it is difficult for me to afford renting a house. Therefore, I sincerely hope that the company can help me solve this major problem, so that I can work more energetically.

    I hereby apply for a dormitory.

    Expecting your approval.

    Truly yours,
    Zhang Peng


#### 留学申请
Dear Mr. Zhang,
    I am a seniro student now and have learnt a lot during the four years. Our teachers help me a lot. Since my teacher mentioned the Washington University to me, I have been looking forward to studying in this school. So I want to apply to go to Washington University to study abroad.

    Going to study in a foreign university is my dream, so I have always studied very hard, and ranked top in class. I also participated in many community activities to enrich my extra curricular life, and I exercised a lot from them. During the summer and winter vacations, I attended a variety of internships which had broadened my vision.

    I'd like to go abroad and experience the different ways of teaching. So I expect to continue my study in Washington University. Please approve the application.

    Best wishes!

    Yours sincerely,
    Tom


#### 节假日通知
Dear staff,
    To express our gratitude for your excellent work this month and enable everyone to spend the Mid-autumn Festival with your family, we've decided to close the office from August 31 to September 3(inclusive). All personnel will be given paid leave during this period.

    Wish you a happy holiday.


