#### 祝贺同事生日
Dear Sam,
    This is your first birthday after you came to the company. Happy birthday to you! You make our life in the office more harmonious and peaceful with your kindheartedness and passion. We have developed good friendship and I look forward to enjoying it for years to come.

    May you enjoy a happy birthday, a successful career and a happy family!

    Yours sincerely,
    Tom Hill


#### 祝贺乔迁
Dear Shelly,
    I'm so glad to hear that you have a house of your own eventually. What a wonderful thing to live in a house with such nice surroundings. Thanks for telling me your new address.

    It's great to have a chance to call you at your new house. I have sent you a basket of flowers as a token of my hearty congratulations on changing your residence. I hope you will like it and wish everything goes well!

    Yours sincerely,
    Laura


#### 祝贺职位晋升
Dear Matt,
    I know how happy you must be at the news of your promotion to Sales Manager. I am cheerful that your efforts you've done have been recognized and appreciated. The new title is well deserved. Congratulations!

    I would also like to take the opportunity to express my sincere thanks for your kind help and support. I wish you make better achievements in your new position.

    Yours sincerely,
    Chris


#### 祝贺员工结婚
Dear Max,
    Congratulations on your marriage to Lily.

    She's a wonderful girl in every way; you two are a perfect match. I congratulate you for your making a loving pair.

    Best wishes for you both. I wish you and your bride the best of luck, and ever-increasing happiness as the years go by.

    Yours sincerely,
    Jim


#### 祝福朋友结婚
Dear Rita,
    What big news! You will be married to Mr. Li next Sunday. Let me offer my warmest congratulations on this happy occasion.

    My husband joins me to express our most sincere wishes to you and hope that you have a long, happy and prosperous life together. As a small token of our good wishes, we take pleasure in sending you a small present which will arrive later. At the same time I wish you have a pleasant journey of honeymoon.

    May last happiness and joy be yours forver.

    Yours sincerely,
    Jenny


#### 祝贺生子
Dear Mary,
    It really takes a long time to have little Jack come to the earth at last. It has been such a long process that is hard for you. I know you have been expecting the wonderful moment. But all that is over now, and the three of your family can live new life happily.

    From what I hear, this is definitely an adoption of heaven. I know that Jack will bring a great deal of happiness and surprise to your new life.

    Yours sincerely,
    Lisa


#### 祝福结婚纪念
Dear Jane,
    You are so lucky to have the privilege to add a tribute congratulatory to twenty-five years of wedded life. On such a sweet occasion, memory draws on the tranquilities and vicissitudes experienced. The thoughts turning from the cares, troubles, and anxieties, review with more cheerful time and felicities of the past, it is so natural for us to see only the brightness but the shadows, even though it is only the "silver wedding".

    With such pleasant memories, my wife and I hope that you can move on through life's journey, and be strewn with flowers of kindness and affection. And we hope that you can see the foreshadowing of a blessed future while looking at the bright, pure surface of the gift accompanying this.

    Yours sincerely,
    Bart


#### 吊唁朋友
Dear Robin,
    I was grieved to hear of Maureen's passing away. Please accept my deepest sympathies to you and your family.

    Maureen was a good friend to me while we shared the same apartment at Peking University. What impressed me most is her active attitude towards life, her generous nature, and warm feelings towards those who required her help. But above all, I shall mostly miss her for her woonderful sense of responsibility which had always made our days safe and sound.

    I again feel deeply sorrowful at the news of Maureen's passing. My family and I send our love and our assurance of devoted friendship now. Should you need any help with the arrangements or anything else I can do, please inform me.

    Yours truly,
    Daisy
