#### 邀请共进晚餐
Dear Mr. Li,
    We should be much pleased if you and Mrs. Li could dine with us on Friday, March 25 at 7:00 p.m. It will be quite a small party, as we have only asked Mr. and Mrs. Chen, Mr. Zhang and Miss Wang, all our close friends. We will prepare dishes with authentic Sichuan flavor and hope you will like them. We trust you will be disengaged and able to give us the pleasure of your company.

    We are looking forward to meeting you.

    Yours sincerely,
    Tong Hua


#### 接受邀请
Dear Mr. Yang,
    Thank you for your letter of March 28, inviting our corporation to participate in the 2011 International Fair. We are very pleased to accept and will plan to display our electrical appliances as we did in previous years.

    Mr. Li will be in your city from May 5 to 10 to make specific arrangements and would very much appreciate your assistance.

    Yours faithfully,
    Zhang Bo
    ABC Company


#### 拒绝邀请
Dear Mr. Brown,
    Thank you very much for your kindness in asking us to attend your opening ceremony, but I regret very much that I will not be able to go there as I already have an important previous engagement that day.

    I send our congratulations and best wishes to you and will be together with you in spirit oon this happy event.

    Yours sincerely,
    Mark Wang


#### 取消邀请
Dear Mr. and Mrs. Lin,
    We regret that, owing to some unseen circumstances, we are obliged to recall our invitation for this Saturday, May 20th.

    We meant to get together and enjoy a happy night in my house, since we haven't met each other for so long. However, unfortunately, our daughter, Annie, broke her leg yesterday and we have to take care of her in hospital. It is impossible for us to hold a party in this situation.

    We apologize for the inconvenience we may bring to you. And we are looking forward to receiving you in the future occasions.

    Yours truly,
    White Brown


#### 邀请参加聚会
Dear Lynn,
    I have good news to tell you. Bill and I had moved to Chaoyang District, which I had told you last time. We liked it very much. We would like to invite all of our friends to come to our new home for a housewarming party.

    Please join us at 17:00 p.m. on Sunday, March 28, 2010. Directions are enclosed.

    We hope you and your wife will be able to attend on time.

    Yours truly,
    Laura


#### 邀请参加生日聚会
Dear Louise,
    I sincerely invite you to join my birthday party!

    It's my 18th birthday. I am going to have a huge birthday cake and we have prepared various kinds of interesting games! Please call me to let me know if you can come. If the answer is yes, don't forget to bring me a beautiful present!

    The date: Sunday, Aprial 4, from 5 to 8 p.m. P.S.: Please tell your parents that there will be a dance party for the grownups, too!

    Yours sincerely,
    Hannah


#### 反客为主邀请
Dear Mr. Yang,
    With great pleasure I have received your invitation letter to have lunch on Saturday, June, 15.

    I would be very happy to have the opportunity of discussing with you on the proposed visit to Beijing by your Minister of Education. I would be even happier if you could let me host the lunch for you at 12:00 on that day in Wangfujing Grand Hotel. I am sure you will give me your consent since you are in Beijing and I should be the host.

    I am looking forward to the pleasure of meeting you on Saturday at 12:00 in the lobby of Wangfujing Grand Hotel.

    With my best regards,
    Hanna Wei


#### 出游邀请
Dear Mary,
    The cherry blossoms of Wuhan University is blooming, so Jack and I invite you to see the flowers on Saturday. You konw that the cherry blossoms in Wuhan University is very famous. Every year a lot of tourists come here especially for the beautiful cherry blossoms. I think you'll like it. Wuhan University has a long history and a strong Academic atmosphere. Walking in such a beautiful campus, you will get your body and mind relaxed. I am looking forward to your reply.

    Yours,
    Lily


