#### 预定机票
Dear Sir/Madam,
    Mr Zhang Xiaohua, our Marketing Manager, would like to fly from Guangzhou to London on the earlist flight possible.

    We would be obliged if you could book one economical class seat for him on a flight leaving Guangzhou on or about July 28th.

    Bank of China has been instructed to pay the fare and the booking fee, and we would ask you to submit your account directly to them.

    We appreciate your early confirmation.

    Yours sincerely,
    Lin Jin
    Guangzhou Trading Company


#### 预定房间
Dear Villain,
    This week I will travel in Wuhan. Please reserve for me a double room, from May 8th to 12th(including the night of May 12th), full pension included, and I would greatly appreciate it if you would like to quote me the price including all the service charges. Please confirm this reservation in Chinese as soon as possible. All charges are to be paid by myself directly.

    If there is no room available for the above-mentioned period, please inform me ASAP so that I can look for another hotel. To trouble you, thank you very much.

    Yours sincerely, 
    Tom


#### 预定餐馆位置
Dear Linda,
    I'd like to have a table for four at six tonight. I'd like to be near the window in order to enjoy the beautiful night. And please help us book a table as far as possible from the smoking section.

    The cost of food, gratuities, including drinks, for this occasion, will be charged to my credit card.

    Please confirm this reservation at 0109275678.

    Yours sincerely,
    Tony


#### 预定旅游路线
Dear Cathy,
    Terry and I want to have the May Day holiday travel. I hear you're working in a very famous tourist office, can you recommend us somewhere to travel? We will reserve five-day trip and natural landscape is a good option, and we wonder to know whether the company will have something special during that time? Please tell us all expences and the line. Thank you very much.

    Yours,
    Lily
